# CS255
Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The DriverPass project focused on creating a web based system that provides driving information and testing. The client was DriverPass and they wanted a system designed that provides reading material, learning modules, and the ability to schedule road test. This system infrastructure was to be supported by third party to limit the amount of strain on the company itself. 
#What did you do particularly well?
I believe I did a good job of articulating the needs of DriverPass based on a limited transcript that was provided. A lot was left to research and use past knowledge to be able to put together a solid design. 
#If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would improve my diagrams across the board. This is still a work in progress for me as most of my experience is in writing code itself not executing the various tools that help you execute on what clients are asking for. More reading and research and practice overall and I think I could have done a better job on them. Especially since these would be used by others to produce a system that meets the clients needs.
#How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I carefully read over the initial transcript that was provided and took thorough notes. This allowed me to develop a vision of what DriverPass wanted which I then turned into all of the parts to support developing a good design. When designing a system you are making sure that the experience provided to the user is exactly what is being articulated through meetings with the client. You want to get things right without wasting much time or you could miss committed deadlines and potentially not meet the expectations of both users - the company you are designing the system for and the customers that are using it. This could impact your standing with current clients as well as future clients. Your reputation is critical in business where there are many others out there that will take your clients from you.
#How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I start by gather requirements and analyzing them to get an understanding of what the software needs to do. From there break things down further using system modeling which I learned a lot about during the course of this class. In the past the only tool I really used was a UML class diagram but now I can see the benefit in breaking things down further and utilizing the other diagram tools to make sure all of the user needs are met. 
